# SEL Github Copilot Assisted Software Development

This repository includes all code for the Gihub Copilot WSU capstone project. Fall 2023 - Spring 2024.

**This branch is for the Database System project *using NO generative AI***

## Team Members

Joshua Burke - Team Lead

Joshua Maloy

Ryan Luders

Jay-Ar Arsenio

## Project Concept

Splitting into pairs, we will complete the same projects with and without github copilot, comparing the following features
 - **Time Efficiency:**
   
   We will record the time taken by each team to complete individual modules of the software, as well as the entire software project.
 - **Quality of Code:**
   
   The quality of code generated by GitHub CoPilot will be assessed. This evaluation will encompass factors such as adherence to best practices, readability, maintainability, and overall code quality.
 - **Handling of Edge Cases:**
   
   One critical aspect of software development involves handling edge cases. The extent to which GitHub CoPilot effectively addresses and resolves edge cases will be examined and rated.
 - **Usefulness of CoPilot-Generated Code:**
   
   A scale ranging from 0 to 3 will be employed to gauge the usefulness of code generated by GitHub CoPilot. This assessment will consider the relevance and practicality of the code suggestions provided.


The above data points will be located in a metric tracking sheet [at this link](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ymLoq1peAggIlSSYoW2vvT3tpB8PEj7SNVEC08-0Hpo/edit#gid=1302790728).


## Organization
### Branches
This repo will have a branch for each version of each case study/project. Braches that utilized CoPilot begin with "CoPilot-" and branches that did not utilize generative AI begin with "NoAI-". As such, the main branch will contain little-to-no code and will serve as a location for documentation only. 
### Projects
The project report as well as different case studies are different projects in the project tab of the repository. Using the same formatting as the branches, there are CoPilot and NoAI version of each project. The project report is also its own project to make the organization of the issues simpler. These projects clearly show the backlog, todo list, in progress, and completed issues. These boards serve as our kanban boards.
### Documents
Documents will be created via google docs as that will provide the easiest way to both coordinate additions and work on it simultaniously. Compeleted issues with the documentation flag have links to the relevant google doc's. 

## Case Study
### Business Application
The first case study will involve creating a front-end user interface that should interact with a back-end database. As databasing is outside of the scope of the study on GitHub CoPilot, dummy data will be used to increase focus on the actualy code development. The original project description can be found in the document titled "CptS451Online_ProjectDesc.pdf." 
